Week 1
Group was formed. Our team discussed and decided which project we wanted to complete for the course. I am part of the backend team with Cyrus and Kelly. Kelly and I wrote the customer user stories together.
Cyrus, Kelly and I started thinking about what frameworks/languages we wanted to use for the backend (database layer and business layer).
I also looked into existing wait management systems and began writing about them in the proposal.

Week 2
Cyrus, Kelly and I brainstormed ideas about how our SQL schema should look like as well as the UML diagram all individually and collaborated our ideas in a meeting to finalise it. We also helped each other set up PostgresSQL, psycopg and Flask
in preparation for the sprint starting in week 3. 
The team split up user stories for Sprint 1, and I will be completing Functionalities 4 and 6 for the backend. 

Week 3
Sprint 1 began. 

Cyrus, Kelly and I completed the script to create all the tables in the database as well as draft some initial data to insert into the database.
I began thinking about how the database would be interact with the objects so as as team, we decided it was best to create classes in python reflective of the database
and initialise them in the restaurant class.
I fixed a bug relating to default values in the constructors.
I implemented the populate function in restaurant which would be run to initialise all the objects in the restaurant class reading from the database.
For the proposal, I cleaned up my references and wrote about the business, interface and database layers.


Week 4
Cyrus Kelly and I discussed a number of backend decisions relating to file structure, how to set up the routes as well as how to do testing and exception handling. I completed Sprint 1's login functionality for all users
as well as other functionalities such as customers choosing tables. I also completed the routes and functions related to manager customisation of passwords, name and image of the restaurant. I completed tests for all these functionalities.

Week 5 
Cyrus, Kelly and I finished the last few user stories for Sprint 1 and as a team, tested connecting the frontend to the routes we made and debugged any errors we found. We also split the user stories again for Sprint 2 and completed the retrospective together
as a team. I began thinking about how to complete my assigned user stories which mainly involves the 'menu editor' functionality (from the manager side).

Week 6
Mainly took a break from the assignment however started thinking about how to do the functions I was allocated for sprint 2. 

Week 7 
Kelly and I discussed that we needed to change some routes to path based on id and not name. I fixed some bugs related to display-order and implemented those functions and changing routes to pass in Id instead of name in the URL.
I also discussed with James about the routes again to confirm and make changes to them if they were not what he wanted. I finished user stories related to Sprint 2 allocated to me. 

Week 8 
Backend team worked with frontend team to iron out any last minute bugs for the demo and completed the retrospective B assessment. We also discussed what was left to complete and allocated tasks regarding the final report. Kelly Cyrus and I discussed
software quality for the backend as well and discussed ideas about what to fix e.g. less repetition, refactoring function responsibilities for each class

Week 9 
Worked on the final report and have been trying to use/setup the Virtual Machine setup as we found it might be better performance wise than using AWS. Also did some limit testing on the frontend. 