Week 1
Group formed. I wrote the manager user stories. Together with James, 
I constructed the flow diagram and started on story boards. While he focused 
on the staff interfaces, I focused on the customer interface. 

Week 2
I cleaned up user stories after clarifying choices as a group. Together with 
James, I determined the details of the game we were going to design. I added 
the game elements to the flow diagram and finished the customer interface story 
boards.

Week 3
I finished up the customer flow diagram and storyboards for the proposal. 
I wrote out all the customer routes and endpoints so that the frontend and
backend can be connected easily. I set up the frontend in github and started 
coding the landing page, table selection page and menu page. 

Week 4
I continued coding the customer table selection page, menu page and menu item
dialogs on the frontend side. I debugged frontend and backend connection issues 
such as CORS errors.

Week 5
I continued coding the customer menu page, menu item dialogs, order page and
bill page. I completed all that was assigned for sprint 1. I planned the 
structure of Demo A.

Week 6
I started coding for sprint 2. I put a listener on the customer route to catch order 
status updates. I implemented a filter for the menu items. I implemented the sort 
functionality for menu items.

Week 7
I continued coding for sprint 2. I continued working on the game by creating a game 
home page, updating the game play and graphics. I added split bill equally functionality 
to the payment options. I tested the assistance functionality and connection between 
customer and waitstaff interface. I displayed restaurant name and image to frontend.

Week 8
I continued coding for sprint 2. I applied display order to the categories and menu 
items on the frontend. I added pause and game over screens to the game so that customers 
can play, pause and reset the game. I added validation helper text to input fields.

Week 9
I worked on sprint 3. I implemented split by dish functionality to complete the set of
payment options. I added the budget page and dialog for users to add, update and
delete budget. I also added a game leaderboard on the customer side and connected it
to the game.

Week 10
I cleaned up sprint 3 functionality. I also improved the game by adding lives and a timer.
I also made the game more difficult as the score grew. I cleaned up the UI and fixed 
any bugs and display issues.
