Week 1

Group formed. Jannet and I were delegated to be in charge of the frontend, and the others in the backend. Together, we wrote up the user stories for the manager and wait staff and then drew up a flow diagram of all the potential pages and their interactions. We then also drew up our first storyboard on Figma, so that we were on the same page on the design style for the rest of the application.

Week 2

Jannet and I discussed with the rest of the team some of the application decisions we had made when creating the flow chart, and made some tweaks accordingly. I finished my storyboards for the staff side of the application and showed the rest of the group to see if they had any comments. Jannet and I, discussed certain chagnes in the design of the frontend, and also ironed out the details of what our game would be.

Week 3

Jannet and I worked together to write up the API endpoints that we would need from the backend, including the json returns. I focused on writing up the endpoints related to the staff. I also cleaned up the user flow diagram so it fits on the page, and made some changes on the user storyboards as per previous discussions. I added all staff related user storyboards to the project proposal and annotated them. I also added in the acceptance criteria for my allocated user stories.

Week 4

I cleaned up the API endpoints with Jannet after discussions with the team. I read up on the documentation for React and mocked up a frontend with all the necessary staff pages for sprint 1, unconnected to the backend. This was demoed to the team, to make sure everyone liked it. Then, I connected most of the kitchen, wait, and login side of staff with the backend.

Week 5

I finished off the frontend implementations for staff for sprint 1. This included adding and deleting items, setting up the user manager, and the kitchen and wait staff interfaces. Had a little a problem with deleting items, which I worked with the backend to solve.

Week 6

I took a break during flexi week.

Week 7

I continued doing the frontend implementation for staff sprint 2. This included, setting up request assistance from the wait staff, adding and deleting categories, editing categories and items, and reordering items and categories, the latter which took the longest as I chose to use an external library to implement it.

Week 8

I added validation checking for all the cases needing user input, and finished off the reordering functionality. Also, solved a small problem for the deleting categories functionality.

Week 9
I implemented the hide/unhide functionality for food items and categories. I implemeneted an alert snackbar popup to replace all the alerts in the code whenever a failed api request happened. Also implemented an extra user feedback for the kitchen and wait staff interfaces for when orders were completed / loading, in conjunction, also the loading screens for the customer side.

Week 10
I went through and redesigned the layout and aesthetics for both customer and staff so that they were more consistent in theme, and cleaner looking. I also changed the colour of the theme, and fixed a problem with too many categories, and long category names. In the later end of the week, for the report, I wrote up the third-party functionalities and the implementation challenges for the frontend. Jannet helped me the do the references, and took the screenshots for the user manual.
